[DO NOT MERGE] Documentation (#111)
canonical/kyuubi-k8s-operator: docs/how-to/h-manage-password.md

# How to manage passwords

> Charmed Kyuubi uses [Juju secrets](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/latest/reference/secret/#secret) to manage passwords.

Reviewer: Todo: use proper naming:

```suggestion
Charmed Apache Kyuubi K8s uses [Juju secrets](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/latest/reference/secret/#secret) to manage passwords.
```

> ```{seealso}

Reviewer: Question: Is that a valid syntax? I'm not sure we can use that in Discourse.

Author: Changed in 05848d2dee9323e6f81291c833be0045ff8706e2

[Juju | How to manage secrets](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/latest/howto/manage-secrets/#manage-secrets)
```

> ## Create a secret

Reviewer: Suggestion: Since the guide is about managing passwords, and not secrets.

```suggestion
## Create a password
```

> To create a secret in Juju containing one or more user passwords:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a secret in Juju containing one or more user passwords:
```

```text
juju add-secret <secret_name> admin=<password>
```

> The command above will output a secret URI, which you'll need for configuring `system-users`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above outputs a secret URI, which you need for configuring `system-users` configuration parameter.
```

> Admin user that was not included in the secret will use an automatically created password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An admin user that is not included in the secret will use an automatically generated password.
```

Maybe we can make this phrase clearer that this. I'm not entirely sure what is the message exactly here.

Author: Reworded in 05848d2dee9323e6f81291c833be0045ff8706e2

To grant the secret to the `kyuubi-k8s` charm:

```text
juju grant-secret <secret_name> kyuubi-k8s
```

> ## Configure `system-users`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure the system-users
```

To set the `system-users` configuration option to the secret URI:

```text
juju config charm-app system-users=<secret_URI>
```

> When the `system-users` configuration option is set, the charm will:

Reviewer: Suggestion: Avoid future tense in How-to guides if possible.

```suggestion
When the `system-users` configuration option is set, the charm:

```

* Use the content of the secret specified by the `system-users` configuration option instead of the one generated.

> * Update the passwords of the internal `system-users` in its user database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Uses the specified secret instead of the auto generated one.
* Updates the passwords of the internal `system-users` in its user database.
```

> If the configuration option is **not** specified, the charm will automatically generate passwords for the internal system-users and store them in a secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the configuration option is **not** specified, the charm automatically generates passwords for the internal system-users and store them in a secret.
```

> If the configuration option is **not** specified, the charm will automatically generate passwords for the internal system-users and store them in a secret.

Reviewer: Suggestion: This part seems to be an explanation. We can keep it for now, but I'd put it at the very beginning of the section and maybe even rename this section to "Configure system users".
